updated with fa 19 final projects (#188)
illinois-cs498vr/illinois-cs498vr.github.io: _projects/FA19-Ant-Man_Simulator.md

---
layout: project
title: Ant-Man Simulator

> desc: Inspired by Marvel’s Ant Man, this simulator allows players can explore a house different perspectives (grow and shrink between 3 different sizes). In this version, the player has to collect four different coins to win the game, completing a couple of puzzles along the way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
desc: Inspired by Marvel’s Ant Man, this simulator allows players to explore a house in different perspectives by growing and shrinking between 3 different sizes. In this version, the player has to collect four different coins to win the game, completing a couple of puzzles along the way.
```
